secret level enemy ideas

chaoslands
spastic spider. just a really jittery creature
four piece fellow. a creature that starts as one creature but splits into four that each do different things. 
(one fires a homing shot, 
another fires two shots, 
one fires an accelerating richochet shot, and 
one fires in four directions, rotating and boucing around)
this one would be a miniboss. boss form perhaps splits into two of each? 
reversed face. fires a bullet behind that accelerates towards player




abyss
portal slammer. like the desert slammer, but instead places a portal on slam, goes "invisible", then creates a portal where it lands.
damned soul. slow moving creature that sprints quickly at the player, exploding in their face. if they miss, they turn back around and try again. 
vortex walker. two halves of the same enemy. one tries to bite and the other tries to fire. once one is destroyed the other is angered.
vessel of abyss. runs at you, similar to spider AI. can dodge bullets once in a while. 


tundra
withered husk. incapable of moving without being looked at. while in sight, they sprint quickly. while out of sight, it produces a slow field.
frostbitten spider. spider that slows the player and deals ice dot on hit. on death, becomes a frozen husk. 
the husk can be shot to fire ice bullets that damage both player and enemy. 


atlantis
CAVE BOOMERS. drain max hp and slow on hit. maxHP reduction is restored slowly. 
atlantian spirit: "haunts" the player, spinning in a circle around them and dealing constant damage. 
corpse mound. slow moving, hulking mass that leaves a trail of posion behind it. on death, spawn atlantian zombie. 
atlantian zombie. a shambling corpse. will drain max hp on hit. while drained, it fires rounds of bullets
atlantian corspe speeker. casts waves of bullets and summons zombies. if the player is near, it will drain it for constant damage + healing.


plains
floral trap. plant creature that tugs itself around the map. once in sight with the player, it fires large bullets. 
vine connecters. creatures that by themselves dont do much. fire slowly, move slow, high hp, leave poison behind it. 
if another vine connecter is nearby, they will link a wall of vine, slowing the player and dealing massive poison damage on contact. 



tundra - lonliness, emnpty, hallow
atlantis - draining, spirit
library - lack of choice, fated to happen
abyss - reality questioning, spastic, moving quickly or without reason
chaoslands - chaos, unpreidctiablity, breaking the rules
plains - life brings life, overwhelming