arena: 

veribrose's arena is a very tight one. a lot of 1x1 halls. kinda like the ERAM fight in that way. 
the fight will kind of go like pac man in a way, combined with the dead of the night boss fight

beginning phase:
like torzol, there's a few seconds of vulnurability at the beginning, then they become invulnurable

the maze walls will come up, and the true fight begins. 

you must align 4 bells to play the right "tone" (or simlpy match color). you'll then lead veribrose to the center, 
then they'll become vulnurable again. if the phase is not finished, then verirbrose will only reset 1-2,
otherwise, all 4 will reset and a "middle phase" will begin. 

during this phase, verirbose does a few wider moves and there's an influx of enemies, ending with a few minibosses
then the walls come back up, and the process repeats. 

first time aorund, only veribrose follows you
second time around, there's a few enemies that stalk you (that are invincible)
third time around, there's traps, enemies, and verirbrose followers
final phase there's even more traps, stalkers, enemies, and veribrose is much faster
i think once the final phase is started, the maze is just gone. 

veribrose is doing massive moves. there's no cover. constant enemy spawns that dont give you a break. 


veribrose moves (maze form)
slow ray: in a line ahead of veribrose, they pull you closer or maybe even invert your controls. 
mainly used to cut distance for others to catch up

pathing bullet: 
a "homing bullet" that actually just pathfinds to the player. 

piercing laser:
a laser, aimed ahead of the player is fired. the player must either double back
or speed up to get past or take massive damaage

(unleashed form):

wide laser: 
a single laser that spins slowly, then fast, then stops
in later phases, it fires several (like 1 starts at 0 degrees, 2 starts at 180, 3 at 120, 4 at 90, etc)

homing storm:
a flurry of bullets that zoom in on where the player is heading (so tracking and leading maybe?)

barrage:
veribrose fires waves of bullets. when they hit a wall, there's a chance for them to become
homing bullets that fly back to the player. increasing phases increases the number of waves

"wipe attack":
veribrose starts reading a book. the four places that broke its invulnurability now feed it
the player must fire at the crystal to misalign them. once all 4 are misaligned, the shield is broken

verirbrose will be briefly stunned

phase values

phase 1 threshold:
85%

phase 2 threshold:
70%

phase 3 threshold:
55%

phase 4 threshold:
40%

the final 40% will include the ability to use all attacks and no maze mechanics. just a brawl


